fix EFAv3 (#102)
stas00/ml-engineering: network/README.md

[Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA)](https://aws.amazon.com/hpc/efa/) is a recent inter-node networking technology created by AWS.

- EFA v1 0.4 Tbps (effective 340 Gbps for all_reduce tests) (P4 AWS instances)
- EFA v2 3.2 Tbps (since Q3-2023, P5 AWS instances - 32 100GbE (4x28G) NICs!)

> - EFA v3 3.2 Tbps (since Q1-2025, P5en AWS instances - 16 200GbE (4x56G) NICs! and Trn2 AWS instances) - same theoretical speed as v2, but should be delivering a much better actual speed at real world message sizes.

Reviewer: The number of NICs apply to both instances, no?

Then this should work, no?

```suggestion
- EFA v3 3.2 Tbps (since Q1-2025, P5en and Trn2AWS instances - 16 200GbE (4x56G) NICs!. Same theoretical speed as v2, but should be delivering a much better actual speed at real world message sizes.
```

Author: the NIC count really depends on the `trn2` SKU. there is lots of SKUs. As such, i did not want to list the number of NICs per `trn2` either as it gets complex

Reviewer: thank you for explaining - Oren, then let's leave it as you originally wrote it.
